[Music]
hey guys I gotta fix a pouch for you
there was an elf that said you Santa's
helper and he said that he dropped these
gifts off for you guys and we're gonna
let you open it early three gifts each
now here's the thing now we're going to
open them over here by the Christmas
tree but the elf did say pay attention
he said that some kids in the
neighborhood he didn't specify if it was
you guys or not but he said some kids in
the neighborhood were bad this year and
they've been getting bad gifts just
hopefully you guys weren't bad this year
and you got some crappy gifts
whoa what is that seta what is that a
giant lighter looks like hers Oh what
did you get a ring let me see
what is it what you get what it let me
see it
let's see open it up open up open it up
what is that crusty old yellow thing
there Oh
- max what'd you get
oh that's a probably one of the elves
toys that he made don't like it no don't
open up now unless all right you
actually both both of you guys can open
it yeah it's cool open that up right
there maybe this is a good gift whoa
what'd you get you guys got some pink
and a paintbrush nose oh oh I swear
himself from the front yard I'm serious
oh now that's a big present hopefully
that's a good one actually I think he
said this is for the both of you guys
open it up there's probably something
special in it you know was it what's in
there no it's not what are you talking
about
I gotta see it to believe it now why
would somebody give you a cookie that
it's been eating no one lied to you yeah
I told you the elf said that if you guys
have been naughty that you'll get a bad
present I think they're pretty cool
presents I mean somebody made this
custom wood blocks for you and then put
a really cool face on it Wow
what are they stink that's for grown-ups
aren't you guys grown-ups know what kind
of stuff do you like then know this well
maybe you guys are bad this year maybe
that's why Santa brought you some crappy
stuff Noah lied to you what's the matter
I'm the worst dad ever why am I the
worst that ever I didn't give you these
gifts they're from the elf outside I'm
serious I saw them eating the oranges
grandmother put that cookie was the elf
you know that those elves make those
cookies what I'm the meanest dad why am
I the mean it's dad you don't like your
job back
let's stop my head righty that's some
Santa yeah it even looks like Santa yeah
because that's from Santa that's a
Spanish Santa see me can you hear it
look put it up to your ears see get a
song
[Music]
Oh